ix. Hassan Muhammad Tajideen .................................................................. 170
Hassan Shateri ................................................................................................. 183
iii. Hassan Said Ali Ahmad ............................................................................ 209
Hassan Ayash Exchange Network ........................................................... 247
a. Ali Hassan Berro .............................................................................................. 266
Hassan Nasrallah.
Line Exchange”), Elissa Exchange Company SARL (“Elissa Exchange”), Hassan Ayash Exchange
Company SAL (“Hassan Ayash Exchange”), Halawi Exchange Company SAL (“Halawi
dollars through Hassan Ayash Exchange alone.
Said Hassan Fuani.
Said Hassan Fuani.
Hassan Nasrallah (discussed below) has been Hezbollah’s Secretary General and
within the terrorist organization, composed of Hezbollah’s highest in command—its SecretaryGeneral, the heads of the other Councils (see below) and advisors to Hezbollah leader Hassan
Hassan Nasrallah. In 1992, after Mr. al-Musawi’s death, Hassan
Hezbollah’s security apparatus, which is directly linked to Secretary General Hassan Nasrallah,
organizations, such as Bayt al-Mal and al-Qard al-Hassan, which also help Hezbollah fund its
at the head of which sits Hezbollah’s Secretary General Hassan Nasrallah.”
Hassan Shateri in National Crushers Company SAL and Cleany & Company SARL.
In honor of the hospital’s 25th anniversary, Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah
lawyers, Ali Hassan Berro.46
Hezbollah’s lawyers, Ali Hassan Berro, as the company’s attorney.
Muhammad Ali Bazzi; and was incorporated by one of Hezbollah’s lawyers, Ali Hassan Berro.
Hezbollah’s lawyers, Ali Hassan Berro.
Muhammad Ali Bazzi, and was incorporated by one of Hezbollah’s lawyers, Ali Hassan Berro.
registered shares were listed as belonging to Hassan Ali Tajideen, executive manager of Tajco
Hassan Ali Tajideen was listed as the chairman, majority shareholder
Nur al-Ain Muhammad Ali Atwi (Hassan’s mother and wife of Ali
Ali Hassan Berro was listed as the company’s attorney.
Ali Hassan Berro, is listed as the company’s attorney.
was listed as the company’s auditor, and one of Hezbollah’s lawyers, Ali Hassan Berro, is listed
Hezbollah’s lawyers, Ali Hassan Berro. The company is co-owned by Al-Mabarrat’s general
Hezbollah’s lawyers, Ali Hassan Berro (who also owns shares in the company). The company is
with Muhammad Baqir al-Sayyid Abd al-Ra’uf Fadlallah. Hassan Hamd Surur was listed as the
lawyers, Ali Hassan Berro, but is owned by Al-Mabarrat directly (which holds 90 percent of the
Hassan Hamd Surur was listed as its director (he was also listed as the auditor of Assaha
Hassan Berro’s sister—Zeinab Hassan Berro.
Ali Hassan Berro was listed as the attorney for the company.
authorized signatory. It was also incorporated by Hezbollah’s attorney, Ali Hassan Berro.
Treasury on August 3, 2010 together with its director, Ali Hassan Zreik.48
Hezbollah Secretary General Hassan Nasrallah has acknowledged the IKRC branch in Lebanon as
Ali Hassan Zreik.
Muhammad Hassan Raad (head of Hezbollah’s parliamentary bloc).
which was registered by leading Hezbollah-affiliated attorney Ali Hassan Berro.
o Hassan Muhammad Attiya was listed as a co-founder and partner of
o Hassan Muhammad Attiya was listed as a co-founder and partner of
o Abdallah Hassan Romani was listed as a partner of the company;
o Hassan Muhammad Attiya was listed as a 30 percent partner and cofounder of the company.
o Hassan Mussa Awada was listed as a co-founder, board member and
o Nada Hassan Hijazi was listed as a partner of the company.
o Nada Hassan Hijazi was listed as a co-founder and partner of the
o Hassan Mussa Awada was listed as a board member of the company
o Hassan Abd al-Muttalib Fneish (brother of Hezbollah operative
o Hassan Muhammad Faour was listed as the attorney for the
o Ali Abdel Reda Hassan was listed as owning 995 shares and serving
o Ali Hassan Berro was listed as the attorney for the company.
o Hassan Muhammad Attiya was listed as the director, co-founder,
o Zaher Hassan Dabuq was listed as an authorized signatory and cofounder of the company.
o Yasser Hassan Dabuq was listed as an authorized signatory and cofounder of the company.
o Hassan Muhammad Attiya was listed as an authorized signatory, cofounder and partner of the company.
o Hassan Muhammad Attiya was listed as general director, chairman,
o Khalil Hassan Faqih was listed as a shareholder, co-founder and
o Khalil Hassan Faqih was listed as a shareholder and board member
o Hassan Said Farran was listed as a co-founder of the company; and
QF General Hassan Shateri, who was killed in Syria (discussed below).
o Samir Subhi Abu-Hassan was listed as an authorized signatory and
Hassan Muhammad Tajideen (deceased).
o Hassan Ali Tajideen was listed as executive director of the
o Hassan Muhammad Tajideen was listed as managing director,
o Najmah Hassan Jabir (Hassan’s widow) was listed as a shareholder
o Nadin Hassan Tajideen (Hassan’s and Najmah’s daughter) was
o Ahmad Hassan Tajideen was listed as the chairman, majority
o Najmah Hassan Jaber (Ahmad’s mother) was listed as a shareholder
o Hassan Muhammad Abd al-Hassan Tajideen was listed as a cofounder of the company (his wife remained on the board of directors
o Hassan Muhammad Abd al-Hassan Tajideen was the authorized
o Hassan Ali Tajideen was listed as a partner (holding 100 shares) of
Al-Ataa Company – Hassan Bazoun & Partners, which was
o Hassan Ali Suwaydan was listed as a partner, owning 33 percent of
o Hassan Ali Abbas was listed as a co-founder and a partner (holding
o Hassan Ali Suwaydan was listed as a partner of the company; and
Hassan Ali Tajideen and Amir Afif Abu Khalil.
o Hassan Ali Tajideen was listed as the CEO of the company after his
o Qassem Hassan Tajideen (their nephew) was listed as a shareholder
o Khadijah Hassan Mattar (Mahmoud Tajideen’s wife, Youssef’s
o Najmah Hassan Jabir was listed as the principal shareholder and a
o Najmah Hassan Jabir (Youssef’s sister-in-law) was listed as the cofounder, signed commissioner, head of board of directors,
o Ahmad Hassan Tajideen was listed as head of the board of directors,
o Hassan Ali Tajideen was listed as a shareholder (holding 2,000
Hassan Muhammad Tajideen
Hassan Muhammad Tajideen was born in 1960. He was the third oldest brother
Hassan was on board Ethiopian Airlines Flight 409 when it crashed into the
Hassan Muhammad Tajideen was also heavily involved in the following
o Najmah Hassan Jabir was listed as the manager, a board member
Ataa Company - Hassan Bazoun & Partners, a real estate company in southern Lebanon tied to
i. Hassan Shateri
Hassan Shateri (a/k/a Hussam Khoshnevis) was a senior commander in the IRGC–
Hassan Shateri was listed as a partner of the company.
the company (through Al-Ataa Company Hassan Bazoun &
Hassan Shateri was listed as the general director, partner and
Hassan Shateri was the founder and a partner (holding 100 shares)
Hassan Ibrahim Nassour; and
Khalil Nassour’s wife, Batul Hassan Youssef Nassour, and two of the couple’s sons
Diamonds NV, Said Ali Ahmad and his sons Nazim and Hassan (discussed below).
Hassan Said Ahmad
Said Hassan Fuani
Hassan Said Ali Ahmad.
Batul Hassan Youssef Nassour was listed as a shareholder of the
Secretary-General Hassan Nasrallah (Nasrallah). Ahmad was also involved
principals were Nazem Ahmad, Hassan Ahmad, and Said Ali Ahmad,
Said Hassan Fuani was another member of Nazim Ahmad’s network. He owned account no. 170178* at LCB
Hassan Said Ali Ahmad
Hassan Ahmad (a/k/a Hassan Said Ahmad) is a naturalized Brazilian of Lebanese
descent, born in Sierra Leone and bearer of a Belgian passport. Hassan Ahmad owned individual
According to a published Brazilian police synopsis of the evidence, Hassan Ahmad,
(a/k/a doleiros), Hassan Ahmad and his associates were suspected of tax evasion, document
Hassan Ahmad was reportedly arrested by Brazilian authorities in 2006 but appears
Companies controlled and/or affiliated with Hassan Ahmad include:
Hassan Said Ali Ahmad was listed as a director of the company.
Hassan Ahmad and exported diamonds through Hassan’s brother Ali
African Star. Hassan Ahmad was listed as the administrator and
Ali Said Ali Ahmad, his brothers Nazim Ahmad and Hassan Ahmad, and Ali’s wife
Ibtisam Said Ali Ahmad is married to Adel Hassan Makki and they jointly operate
Adel Hassan Makki owned one of the Hezbollah-affiliated accounts at LCB (no.
Hassan Ahmad Ahmad; and
Hassan.
Ali and Hassan. Rami Kamil Ya’qub Baqir (Nazim Ahmad’s brother-in-law) is the chairman of
the drug money, including among others, Hassan Ayash Exchange Company, Elissa Exchange
Ayman Joumaa, key Joumaa associate Hassan Ayash, and the Joumaa criminal organization,
Exchange Trust Company, the Elissa Exchange Company, and the Hassan Ayash Exchange
Exchange Company and the Hassan Ayash Exchange Company in laundering money for
Hassan Ayash Exchange Network
1149. The Hassan Ayash Exchange Company SARL (“Hassan Ayash Exchange”) is a
1150. The Hassan Ayash Exchange was owned and controlled by Hassan Muhammad
1152. The Hassan Ayash Exchange owned U.S. dollar-denominated account no. 340048*
1153. In 2006, at Ahmad Safa’s direction, the Hassan Ayash Exchange became LCB’s
1154. Between 2007 and 2011, the Hassan Ayash Exchange Company transferred
correspondent banks to facilitate the Hassan Ayash Exchange Company’s funds transfers for the
1156. Hassan Ayash Exchange Company was also used by Hezbollah to channel U.S.
major terrorist attack in Azerbaijan, worked closely with Hassan Hodroj, a Hezbollah spokesman
1192. On or before July 2008, Hassan Hodroj and his son-in-law, Dib Hani Harb (also a
his father-in-law Hassan Hodroj and Mr. Hodroj agreed to purchase approximately 1,200 M4s at
the Hassan Ayash Exchange and the Elissa Exchange discussed herein.
and Togo was Hassan Chokr, a Hezbollah weapons dealer.
than $1 million U.S. dollars were sent by Hassan Ayash Exchange (designated an SDNTK in
a. Ali Hassan Berro
1266. Ali Hassan Berro is an attorney for many of the companies associated with
The Chairman and majority shareholder is Ahmad Hassan Tajideen. Ali Muhammad Muhanna also owns
shares in the company and sits on its board of directors together with Hassan Muhammad Abd al-Hassan Tajideen’s
wife, Najmah Hassan Jabir.
Mr. Joumaa under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act, together with the Hassan Ayash
1379. New Line Exchange, Elissa Exchange and Hassan Ayash Exchange were all used
Hassan Ayash Exchange participated in this money-laundering conspiracy by sending
1385. According to the U.S. Government, both the Hassan Ayash Exchange and LCB
1395. Account holders other than the Hassan Ayash Exchange and Elissa Exchange
operative from Lebanon who worked in the car business in Cotonou, Muhammad Hassan
Hassan Ayash Exchange, Elissa Exchange, and New Line Exchange Trust Co. (all designated
Bayt al-Mal operates under the direct supervision of Hezbollah Secretary General Hassan
to, Hassan Ayash Exchange.
1515. Within the parameters of The System, Halawi Exchange and Hassan Ayash
FRANSABANK also took over the blacklisted account of Adel Hassan Makki, the son-in-law of
Zreik and a branch manager named Hassan Kassem El-Sabeh at Defendant FRANSABANK
Republic of Congo, such as Said Hassan Fuani (account no. 170178*), Inter Aliment SAL Offshore
1638. Defendant BYBLOS BANK also knew that the company’s chairman was Hassan
1648. Its management also includes prominent Hezbollah operatives, including Hassan
Tarek Khalil Musa,130 and Said Hassan Fuani.
Said Hassan Fuani.
1724. According to published reports, a senior employee named Ali Hassan Majed and a
including Johanna Malek and Said Hassan Fuani.
1753. According to the Lebanese government, when Said Hassan Fuani’s account at
Jammal Trust knowingly facilitates the banking activities of U.S.designated entities openly affiliated with Hezbollah, Al-Qard al-Hassan and
Jammal Trust, Al-Qard al-Hassan officials clearly identified themselves to
facilitated these accounts to be used to conduct business on Al-Qard alHassan’s behalf. Such a scheme is representative of the deep coordination
1852. According to the Lebanese government, when Said Hassan Fuani’s account at LCB
Hassan Ahmad, and Said Ali Ahmad, as associated with one of three
IRSO, Bayt al-Mal and al-Qard al-Hassan. Al-Shami was also a Shura
hosted by the Martyrs Foundation – Lebanon at which Hezbollah’s infamous Secretary General, Hassan Nasrallah,
event hosted by the Martyrs Foundation – Lebanon at which Hassan Nasrallah again appeared.
1923. Hezbollah’s leader, Hassan Nasrallah, received his religious education in Lebanon
and I met Hassan Nasrallah for the first time. The brothers [in Hizbullah]
1955. Unit 3800 was established by Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah at Iran’s behest.
3398. Daqduq served as a bodyguard for Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah and also led
